These might be the most insane Minecraft
builds I've ever seen. They come from a
channel called Brick Farmer 10. She
makes these Minecraft ships that
actually function using the Create mod,
which adds technology like gears,
conveyor belts, and trains into the
game. Now, I don't know much about
Create Mod since I've never tried it,
but this channel is probably the best
advertisement the mod could possibly
have. This ship is called the Rust
Roller, inspired by the artwork of
Scottish concept artist Ian McHugh. It
features a giant rotating wheel textured
to perfection, a working elevator to
board the craft, and even a cannon
turret to defend the ship from attacks.
Next up is the Copper Fly, a flying
submarine with four massive propellers.
The ship is loaded with cannons and even
features extending gangways for docking.
Then there's the Pale Wing, an alien
looking spacecraft with a distinctive
ring in the center. The ship features
all the usual functionality, but even
more impressive is how Brick Farmer
managed to fit in a coherent interior
complete with bunks for the crew. And
finally, we have the Host, a cargo ship
with an absolutely crazy looking
takeoff. The ship can pick up a massive
bomb using magnets and then deliver the
payload with devastating consequences
for whoever is underneath, which I
assume is what will happen to you if you
don't go subscribe to Brick Farmer